<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:sec="http://www.springframework.org/security/tags"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">


    <ui:composition template="/pages/secure/secureTemplate.xhtml">

        <ui:define name="pageContent">
            <p:panel id="welcomePanel" styleClass="mainPanel">
                <h1 style="margin-top:0">Welcome To The Absence Tracking System</h1>
                <h3>The Absence Tracking System (ATS) is a program to facilitate the management and documentation of Annual Leave and Absences</h3>
                <p:accordionPanel>
                    <p:tab title="Getting Started">
                        To get started, click on your name on the top right of this page and select an option from the menu.
                        <br/>
                        <br/>
                        Below is a descripton of all the features available to you,
                        please click on the section to view more details.
                        <br/>
                        <br/>
                        You can return to this page at any time by clicking on the Home Icon.
                    </p:tab>
                    <sec:authorize ifAllGranted="EMPLOYEE">
                    <p:tab title="My Annual Leave">
                        This page displays your current Annual Leave Balance, Department Calendar and Request History.
                        <br/>
                        <br/>
                        You can request new Annual Leave on this page and view statistics on your Annual Leave.
                    </p:tab>
                    <p:tab title="My Absence">
                        This page displays a record of your Absences.
                        <br/>
                        <br/>
                        Absences which have been entered by your Line Manager, require your confirmation.
                        Any Absences waiting to be confirmed will be displayed on this page.
                        <br/>
                        <br/>
                        A history of your Absences can be viewed by selecting "View" then "Absence History".
                        <br/>
                        <br/>
                        Statistics on your Absences can be viewd by selecting "View" then "Absence Statistics".
                    </p:tab>
                    </sec:authorize>

                    <sec:authorize ifAllGranted="MANAGER">
                        <p:tab title="Authorise Leave">
                            This page is only available to Managers.
                            <br/>
                            <br/>
                            On this page you can authorise or decline Employees Annual Leave Requests.
                            <br/>
                            <br/>
                            View a Department Calendar.
                            <br/>
                            <br/>
                            View a break down of your Departments Annual Leave by selecting "View" then "Department Statistics".
                        </p:tab>
                        <p:tab title="Absence Management">
                            This page is only available to Managers.
                            <br/>
                            <br/>
                            On this page you can view your Departments Absence History.
                            <br/>
                            <br/>
                            To enter a new Absence for an employee, select "Create" then "Absence".
                            <br/>
                            <br/>
                            To view the Absence of a particular employee, select "View" then "Employee Absence".
                            <br/>
                            <br/>
                            To view the Absence Statistics of the whole department, select "View" then "Department Statistics".
                        </p:tab>
                    </sec:authorize>

                    <sec:authorize ifAllGranted="ADMIN">
                        <p:tab title="System Administration">
                            This feature is available only to those Users who have been granted System Admininstrator Access.
                            <br/>
                            <br/>
                            On this page you can create new Departments and employees to be added to the system.
                            <br/>
                            <br/>
                            You can also view all the employees and departments currently entered into the system by selecting, "Browse" then either "Department" or "Employee".
                        </p:tab>
                    </sec:authorize>

                </p:accordionPanel>
            </p:panel>
        </ui:define>

    </ui:composition>

</html>